c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll.config
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.dll
c:\users\knieskes_be\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll.config
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Common.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Force.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll.config
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Common.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Force.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\LegendaryQuestion\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll.config
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Common.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Force.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\sfuerbringer_be\Dropbox\QuerySite\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll.config
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Common.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Force.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\KNieskes_be\Documents\QuestionMachine\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll.config
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Common.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Salesforce.Force.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.dll
C:\Users\bguild_be\Dropbox\QA\QAService\LegendaryQuestion\obj\Debug\LegendaryQuestion.pdb
